Add `uv` and `pixi`. (#464)
UCL-ARC/python-tooling: docs/pages/virtual.md

# Virtual environments

| Name                    | Short description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | 🚦  |
| ----------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | :-: |
| conda-forge [miniforge] | Installs, runs, and updates packages and their dependencies. Uses `conda`, but with community maintained packages from `conda-forge` channel instead of commercially maintained packages.                                                                    | 🟢  |

> | [uv]                    | Fast dependecy (and project) management tool. A drop-in replacement for `venv`. This will probably become our 🟢 tool, but for now we play cautious as there are some open bugs and features. If you're comfortable using `venv` syntax we'd recommend this. | 🟠  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [uv]                    | Fast dependency (and project) management tool. A drop-in replacement for `venv`. This will probably become our 🟢 tool, but for now we are playing cautious as there are some open bugs and features. If you're comfortable using `venv` syntax we'd recommend this. | 🟠  |
```
